Urging the audience to treasure the rich history of the county, the UP CM said
“A community which does not have capacity to treasure its rich history, can never keep its geography safe.”

Politely deflect by trying, “I’m sure whyou you are paying is in step with industry norms.” or Based on what my responsibilities would be, I’m sure we can figureout compensation that makes sense.

A teacher or a parent must feel accomplished when he or she is no longer needed.

If you pay peanuts, you get only monkeys.

Altitude lends attitude – Richard Bach.

Resepected Sir,
As a noble Indian citizen, I would like to share my concerts with you. I would also feel satisfied if you could address them at the earliest.

If you are not happy, either you do something about it or keep quiet.

You may think it’s your prerogative to defend your national culture and views but some things really need to change.

How you do anything is how you do everything.

Chinese proverb: to catch a horse, ride a horse.

I am very sure that I have done reasonably well from my end. I am sorry if that didn’t suffice. Thank you for considering me for this opportunity.

Failure is not opposite of success, It is part of success.

We must not allow other people’s limited perceptions to define us. - Virginia Satir

nazar andaz karo tum apne hisab se, jab hum karenge tab behisab karenge.

You even know the reprercussion, it would be end of everything on both sides, one who survives would be more unfortunate.

It is my duty to offer my counsel to you without fear or favor. It is for you to accept it or reject it.

Don't your energy to worry, use your everygy to believe.

The world suffers a lot. Not because of the violence of bad people. But because of the silence of good people.

I hesitate to term it supernatural but it's definitely wasn't scientific

accident is the first building block of evolution

n geometry, a tesseract is a ‘hypercube’, a four-dimensional version of a cube: a tesseract is to a cube as a cube is to a square.

“to Them, time may be just another physical dimension. To Them, the past might be a canyon they can climb into, and the future a mountain they can climb up.”

tantra
Believing that these mantras and yantras take care of your life situations completely is of course not entirely true.
what they do insted is assist you and set an ambious and direction within for your efforts to be fruitful.
Rubbishing the entire scient just because few people overmarketed is insulting the profound wisdom of our ancestors and denying yourself the possibility of accessing it.

